Awn’ornvcawrwrs oF wEw soors tx

This pamphlet makes a complete statement of the euphonic and
inflexional peculiarities which distinguish the language of Herodotus
from Attic Greek, and is suitable for use with any edition of Herod·
otus. Mailing price, 15 cents. ¹ [Ready.

WHITE’S FIRST LESSONS IN GREEK, RE VISED

EDI TI ON. With references to the revised and enlarged edition of
Goodwin’s Greek Grammar, and printed from entirely new plates.

The publiShers beg leave to call attention to the following changes
which have been made in the new edition of the First Lessons in Greek.

The number of lessons has been increased from seventy·five to ¹
eighty. The five added Iessons are on the verb, the treatment of
which is thus distributed over more ground. By this enlargement the
difficulty of single lessons on the verb is correspondingly decreased. .

After ata has been fully presented by moodS, as in the first edi-
tion, a development of the Greek verb by tense-stems has been intro·
duced. The seven tense-stems are now fully developed.

Contract verbs are presented, in this edition, in two lessons in
place of one. The lesson on liquid verbs has been brought forward.
The perfect and pluperfect middle and passive of liquid and mute
verbs is now fully treated. A lesson has been added to Lessons

· . LII. and LIII. gIving in full the principal parts of twenty-five addi·
tional verbs. In the Lessons on the Formation of Words and on
Prepositions it has now been possible to remove the body of the text,
but the exercises of Lessons LIV. and LV. remain, and a complete
set of exercises has been added to Lesson LXII.

Single words and phrases have been removed from the exercises,
which now consist wholly of complete sentences. In the special vo-
cabularies the parts of the verbs are given in full and no words are
repeated. fn the general vocabularies the words are more fully
treated, especially the prepositions, the cases required by the verbs
stated, and English cognate and borrowed words distinguished by
different types.

New editions of the Pamphlet of Parallel References to Hadley's
Grammar, and of the Key for the use of Teachers, are to follow.

An edition of the First Lessons in Greek is to be printed and ¹
published for the use of English schools, by Macmillan a Co. in
England, simultaneously with the American edition. [Ready in July.

unilt b ΗΕΑΤΗ, Publishers, Bostar, Ilew York, and Ohioago.

 

